Welcome to Moviecaps.
Today I will show you an Adventure, Drama,
Romance film from 2000, titled The Beach.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
Richard arrives in Thailand looking for something
more exciting.
He is staying in a run-down hotel and when
he can't get into his room, a girl, Françoise,
who is staying in the next room with her boyfriend
Étienne, helps him out.
As he lies in bed, he hears them doing the
business through the thin walls.
Then he is interrupted by a madman from the
other room, Daffy.
He tells Richard about a secluded beach on
a secret, forbidden island.
He does not believe such a place exists, but
when he returns the next day, he finds a map
pinned to his door.
He goes to check on Daffy, but finds that
he has taken his own life.
After talking to the police, he shows his
neighbours the map and tells them about the
secret island.
They all seem excited to go where no tourist
does and Étienne figures out the logistics.
They travel 500 miles in one day and end up
on a beach somewhere.
Étienne points out that the island is a national
park and off limits, but they can get to a
nearby island and swim from there.
Once again, Richard can not get into his room
because this time he lost his key, but the
2 surfers next to him invite him to join them.
They talk about the mythical island with a
perfect beach with pure white sand and crystal
clear water, but think it's just an urban
myth.
Before Richard continues his journey the next
day, he leaves them a copy of the map.
They take a boat to their second to last destination
and camp through the night.
Richard is awakened by Françoise taking pictures
of the night sky.
He says that there's probably a planet like
theirs somewhere in the infinite universe,
with another version of them photographing
back.
She says it's the usual pretentious crap Americans
always say to French girls to sleep with them.
The next day, the trio tries to estimate the
distance they have to swim, thinking they
won't make it if it's too far, but Richard
exclaims, "If we don't try, we will never
know," and excitedly jumps in.
After a long, exhausting swim, they finally
reach the shore.
They head inland and find a massive hemp plantation.
Richard notices a monkey tied by a string
to a sleeping man with an AK-47.
The monkey wakes him up and the three hide
in the field.
A bunch of other guards show up and start
looking for them.
The monkey finds them, but Richard sprays
it with water and they manage to get out unnoticed.
After this, the couple starts getting second
thoughts, but Richard is determined to find
the paradise on earth, so they follow.
The group heads downstream and reaches a waterfall
over a massive cliff.
The boys argue about how to get down, but
Françoise just jumps and encourages the others,
so they follow shortly after.
They cheer and shout because of the exhilarating
experience, but are suddenly interrupted by
a man named Keaty, clapping.
He says it took him an hour to muster up the
courage to jump.
He then takes them to the village.
They expected a couple of passing travellers
staying in caves, but find a thriving community
that actually lives here long term and realize
they weren't even invited.
They are taken to the leader of the community,
Sal, and show her the map Duffy made.
She tells them that Daffy was one of the founders
of the community, but he went insane.
She explains that they value their privacy
and asks if they made a map for anyone else.
They all deny it and she seems satisfied and
burns the map.
The trio is taken to the beach at a lagoon
with crystal clear blue water, enveloped by
cliffs.
They take in its beauty, thrilled that they
have actually reached their destination and
it is as magical as described.
That evening as they are winding down, Richard
feels that he has finally found a place where
he belongs.
The next day Sal explains how the community
works.
They grow their own food and build their own
houses and are almost self-sufficient.
They only have to sail back to civilization
once in a while to trade some "grass" for
rice.
It was agreed with the farmers on the other
side of the island that they would not be
bothered as long as more people did not come
to the island and their hemp was not stolen,
so they grow their own.
The three Swedes teach them spear fishing
and Richard gets the hang of it pretty quick.
The community has a range of sporting and
leisure activities for all tastes.
The only person Richard dislikes is Sal's
boyfriend Bugs, their carpenter, because he
mocks Richard for being a freeloader.
The community has a tradition for the last
arrived member to tattoo the next.
It really was paradise, but there was something
else he desired.
One day, as Richard is staring at Françoise,
Keaty comes up and tells him all the reasons
he can never be with her.
Shortly after, one of the guys says he wants
to go to the mainland to see a dentist, but
Sal denies it.
Richard understands that sometimes people
have to endure a little pain to keep their
secret.
They pull his tooth out with pliers.
That night, Françoise invites Richard for
a walk on the beach.
She confesses that she likes him alot, but
it's difficult for her to spend time with
him because she's with Étienne.
They go for a swim in the glowing water and
start making out.
They promise each other to keep it a secret.
Not long after, Étienne confronts Richard
about his relationship with his girlfriend.
He tries to play dumb but Étienne says everybody
already knows about it.
Even though he is heartbroken, he makes it
clear that he will not stand in their way,
because he just wants her to be happy, even
if it is with Richard.
On one of these days it's pouring rain.
Christo explains that it is difficult to catch
fish because of the poor visibility.
The rain can last for weeks and sometimes
they get really hungry.
Richard decides to try his luck, grabs Christo's
gear and swims out into the lagoon.
When he turns around, he sees the other members
panicking, but can't hear them.
He then notices a shark fin and frantically
starts to swim to shore, but the shark chases
after him.
The scene cuts back to the community house
and he recounts how he managed to overpower
the shark.
Everyone cheers him on, but Bugs is not impressed
because it was just a baby shark.
Richard puts him in his place though and they
go to sleep.
Sometime later, Sal informs the community
that their rice has been contaminated by a
fungus, which means that someone will have
to travel to mainland for a shopping trip.
For some reason, nobody volunteers so she
asks Richard to accompany her.
He seems hesitant, but he isn't really given
a choice.
One by one, the members give him their shopping
list, consisting mainly of snacks, batteries,
and hygiene items, but also a bunch of other
things they can't come by here.
Lastly, Bugs comes up, grabs him by the balls,
and tells him to keep his hands to himself
and the "little Richard" in his pants.
He had been looking forward to the air conditioning
and cold beer, but when they got there he
remembered all the reasons he wanted to leave
in the first place.
He also understood why Sal was trying so hard
to keep the beach a secret, because if they
didn't, it would soon turn into this.
After they finish their shopping, he and Sal
sit in a pub.
They are interrupted by the surfer dudes and
their girlfriends.
Richard is introduced as the man with the
map and Sal hears this.
The surfer group seems super excited to visit
the island, so Richard tells them that the
map was fake and the beach does not exist.
They don't believe him, thinking he's just
holding out on them.
This infuriates Richard, so he lashes out
at them.
Afterwards, Sal asks if he made them a copy
of the map, but Richard, not wanting to confess,
says that he only mentioned where he was going
and they only saw it once.
She breathes a sigh of relief, thinking they
don't have it in them to get there without
a map.
Sal explains that she'll keep it a secret,
goes to play pool with a friend, and instructs
Richard to warm the bed.
Later, they perform some pair yoga exercises.
It was payment for her silence and his ticket
back to the island.
When they return, Richard hands out all the
orders to the grateful members.
He brings Françoise a disposable camera,
but she asks if anything happened on the rice
run, because people have been saying that
Sal is attracted to him.
Not wanting to spoil the moment, Richard promises
her that nothing happened and they return
to normal.
Françoise takes a picture of the group.
One day, while Richard is lying in a hammock
playing a game, he hears panicked screams.
When he goes outside, he finds that the Swedes
have suffered a shark attack.
One of them is missing a chunk of his leg
and has a bite wound on his torso.
He follows the trail to the beach and finds
Christo with a bite in his leg, gasping in
pain.
He is brought inside, where Sal offers to
take him to the hospital as long as he doesn't
reveal their location.
He begs for them to bring help here,because
he is now terrified of water and doesn't want
to go anywhere near it.
Sal denies his request and tells him to either
go or stay here and take his chances.
The members pay their respects to Christo's
friend and bury him.
After the funeral, they tried going back to
normal, but Christo's constant painful cries
agitated the group.
Richard ponders that after a major tragedy,
one should either recover or die so everyone
can say what a good guy you were and move
on.
It's the hanging around in between that really
irritates people.
The group decides to take Christo to a tent
in the woods, ignoring Étienne's pleas.
Shortly after, the community went back to
normal.
Out of sight, out of mind.
Sometime later, Sal takes Richard to the other
side of the island and shows him the surfers
holding a map.
She reiterates that the farmers told them
no more people, but now it looks like they
are handing out tour guides.
Sal is furious and orders him to be here every
day until they arrive to turn them away and
get the map.
Richard points out that they could be there
for weeks, but she doesn't care.
That night, Françoise comes and slaps him.
Sal told everyone what happened on their trip.
He knew it would happen, but was crushed nonetheless.
As days pass, he finds new ways to entertain
himself.
He starts sneaking around the farmers and
observing their daily activities.
He pretends to be in a video game.
The longer he stayed away from the community,
the less he missed them.
He found new players, even if they didn't
know it yet.
He starts messing with the farmers.
The forest is his territory, the mission is
to retrieve the map, farmers are his defenders
and the surfers are the invaders.
He slowly starts losing his sanity and gets
visions about Daffy.
One day Keaty comes to check on him and finds
him completely out of it.
He tells Richard to pull himself together
because he can't keep running around in the
dark, not talking to anyone.
However, he does not get through to Richard.
He starts making traps in the woods, still
having visions of Daffy.
Daffy led the way, showed him the truth.
Richard won't let him down.
He starts sneaking around the farmers' homes,
touching their weapons while they sleep.
He takes one of the guys' headbands.
The day has come.
The surfers approach on a raft and soon reach
the shore.
Richard watches their every move.
When they reach the hemp field, they think
they're in heaven and start dancing around
and singing.
This attracts the attention of the guards,
who approach with weapons drawn.
They notice the guards and tell them it was
a mistake coming here and they will leave
immediately.
When that does not work, they offer them money.
The situation escalates and when a surfer
approaches one of the farmers, he pulls the
trigger.
Panic breaks out and 2 more are shot, leaving
only 1 girl.
Richard gets into position and hisses at her
as soon as she reaches the end of the field.
This causes Richard to pause for a moment
and he finally seems to snap back to reality.
One of the farmers runs after him, but gets
caught in the trap.
Richard reaches the waterfall.
Oh, there goes gravity.
Richard gets to the camp where they celebrate
6 years living here.
Sal makes a toast to many more years to come.
As Richard lurks in the shadows, he can't
remember the person he once was and thinks
he won't find him again as long as he stays
on this island.
He intercepts Françoise and tries to persuade
her to leave with him.
She takes him to the tent and Richard tries
to convince the 3 of them to leave, but Étienne
can't leave Christo here.
He has gangrene in his leg and it's spreading.
Meanwhile the party is going hard.
Richard tells them to wait for him at the
boat implying that he will "take care" of
the Christo situation.
They run off, but the farmers intercept them.
Richard puts Christo out of his misery.
He suffered because they refused to let anything
spoil their fun.
When Richard leaves the tent he's knocked
out.
The party is interrupted by the farmers.
The senior farmer explains his frustrations
about more people coming here with maps, threatening
his livelihood and ability to send money to
his family.
He orders them to leave the island and everyone
but Sal agrees.
Richard tries to convince her, but she yells
at him to be quiet because it's all his fault
anyway.
The farmer realizes that he was the one sneaking
around, playing with their guns, and also
leading new people here.
He hands Sal a revolver with a single bullet
and gives her the option to stay if she kills
Richard.
Bugs pins him to the pole.
Richard begs for mercy, but Sal is determined.
He says that, unlike with Christo, this time
everyone will see what it takes to keep their
paradise going.
She says they can take it and pulls the trigger,
but it's a blank.
Richard starts laughing.
The senior farmer smirks as the community
crumbles and its members leave.
Everyone except Sal left on a raft and went
back to their normal lives.
Richard is at an internet cafe checking his
email and finds the group photo from Françoise.
Paradise is not the place you go to, but a
moment in life when you feel that you belong.
Once you find it, it lasts forever.
The end.
Thank you for watching!
Subscribe if you'd like to see more videos
like this.